It was one question I would have asked earlier. Well, I did, Huh? I won't.
That's not something I was never shy about asking questions. And
frankly, I have been my my old man was a CV and World War two and
my older brother Waas, possibly five, at a neighbor's cat. And while
the old adage is never volunteer for anything in the military, one
thing I never found any hesitation. I never had any hesitation about
asking a few years. Ask me senior officer's questions because A they
wanted to buy you a beer. Now it is by your coffee, Okay, but you
want to go and ask a lot of questions because they have for gotten war.
I have gotten more than you have learned to date. So if anything
and we learned this mentoring session go as high students, there's
somebody out there they have made their mistakes, would like to pass
that knowledge on to you, and I would say, Do not be afraid to ask
questions. There are no dumb questions. They literally are questions
because someone has done it and they don't want you to make a mistake
in the future.